HP pc with LB-link 150mbs wireless adapter:
mt7601u linux debian

ralink

https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/395252/how-to-put-rtlwifi-drivers-on-debian-installation-usb



2

I experienced the same with wifi drivers (firmware-iwlwifi) which weren't automatically recognized although being located in the root directory of the USB device.

I've found a working solution here.

In short:

    Download the Debian firmware package corresponding to your hardware
    Open the data archive inside it and put the content of lib/firmware/ into the root directory of your FAT USB device
    Insert the USB device if the installer asks for it, switch via Ctrl+Alt+F2 to a virtual terminal and mount your device to /lib/firmware/, e.g. by using mount /dev/sdc1 /lib/firmware

That's it. The installer should find the firmware and probe the corresponding device during network setup.

After the installation has finished and your new system has booted you have to do roughly the same to be able to use the device immediately. Create /lib/firmware/ and copy the files into this directory. Reboot and your device will appear. Now install the corresponding firmware Debian package via your package manager.


 510  apt-get install --download-only firmware-misc-nonfree firmware-ralink --verbose
  511  cd /var/cache/apt/archives/
  512  ls
  513  ls *rali* *firmw*
  514  cp firmware-ralink_20190114-2_all.deb firmware-misc-nonfree_20190114-2_all.deb /home/madon/usrbin/
  515  dmesg
  516  mount /dev/sdb1 /mnt
  517  cp /home/madon/usrbin/firmware-misc-nonfree/lib/firmware/mt7601u.bin /mnt/
