For Windows 10 you can use WoeUSB but not from the apt/yum repos. These ones are obsolete, at least for Debian 9. So instead use:

git clone https://github.com/slacka/WoeUSB.git

Then follow the instructions at the end of:

https://github.com/slacka/WoeUSB

You must have all the prerequisites such as gparted and so forth installed first.

I also found at the end of the process that I must run woeusb with sudo. So you just use:

sudo woeusb --device local/of/my/windows-10-image.iso /dev/sdX

and hey presto it just works brilliantly. In my case my harddisk was /dev/sda and my USB drive was /dev/sdb so I wrote the ISO to /dev/sdb (again be careful, you don't want to overwrite your OS by accident). I then installed it on a military class MSI motherboard with 2TB hard disk attached with no fast boot options inside the BIOS and it just works. I turned on absolutely every UEFI option first to get it into the right state.


woeusb --device /home/madon/Downloads/win/win10.iso /dev/sdb
root@hp:/home/madon# woeusb --device /home/madon/Downloads/win/win10.iso /dev/sdb
WoeUSB v3.3.1-1-g7171bff
==============================
Mounting source filesystem...
Wiping all existing partition table and filesystem signatures in /dev/sdb...
/dev/sdb: 5 bytes were erased at offset 0x00008001 (udf): 43 44 30 30 31
Ensure that /dev/sdb is really wiped...
Creating new partition table on /dev/sdb...
Creating target partition...
Making system realize that partition table has changed...
Wait 3 seconds for block device nodes to populate...
mkfs.fat 4.1 (2017-01-24)
mkfs.fat: warning - lowercase labels might not work properly with DOS or Windows
Mounting target filesystem...
Applying workaround to prevent 64-bit systems with big primary memory from being unresponsive during copying files.
Copying files from source media...
2%
Installing GRUB bootloader for legacy PC booting support...
Installing for i386-pc platform.
Installation finished. No error reported.
Installing custom GRUB config for legacy PC booting...
Resetting workaround to prevent 64-bit systems with big primary memory from being unresponsive during copying files.
/usr/bin/woeusb: line 1683: echo: write error: Invalid argument
Warning!: command "echo 0 > /proc/sys/vm/dirty_background_bytes" - returned code  $?
/usr/bin/woeusb: line 1684: echo: write error: Invalid argument
Warning: command "echo 0 > /proc/sys/vm/dirty_bytes" - returned code  $?
Unmounting and removing "/media/woeusb_source_1593536633_25004"...
Unmounting and removing "/media/woeusb_target_1593536633_25004"...
You may now safely detach the target device
Done :)
The target device should be bootable now
root@hp:/home/madon# 
